hello YouTube so today I'm going to talk
about samsung intensity to just came up
from verizon so we're just going through
one boxing take a little small review on
the phone itself i also be case with it
i'll review so when you open it up
obviously have the phone in here you get
the wall charger with the USB cable the
manuals we don't really do much warranty
all that but the phone itself is going
to be the sequel to the samsung
intensity one so it's a good phone
reliable phone i have noticed one thing
particular that really don't like about
it is that if it's hidden in your pocket
or something like that that you'll find
the OS itself crashes so freeze in this
screen on that screen it's kind of
annoying to take the battery out the
power button wouldn't work so it's kind
of annoying especially if you have this
by the case with it now i'm prone to
dropping stuff so that's why i got it
but the case itself I like a lot doesn't
really add a lot of weight to the phone
itself pretty straightforward to clip on
and you yeah so um personally I like it
a lot the case a lot on the phone the
keyboard feels really nice the keys are
really might that I like to have a
raised feel to it so I like that about
it the case does have one downside when
you close the phone like that you'll
find that you have to push a little bit
more to close all the way but other than
that I mean you don't see a lot of
weight to it to keep like I said keys
feel nice um service is awesome on this
so if you're looking for a foam that
really doesn't require data plan that
you want a full keyboard on I mean I
definitely recommend this there also is
the LG cosmos which I do not recommend
I've heard screens fail on that all
superb
um about the keyboard that people really
aren't liking it I do like the qwerty
keyboard on this so that's my review on
the samsung intensity two if you have
any questions please feel free to
comment on either here or on my blog
also have a link in the description to
my blog you can follow up on that all a
bunch of tech stuff and everything like
that so feel free to comment please
subscribe rate by stars and I'll talk to
you all later